{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green55\blue106;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \

\b Floor Signal 
\b0 = every time elevator is approaching a floor regardless of how it was called (hall or car) direction doesn\'92t matter\
\

\b Door Signal 
\b0 = when doors open after elevator as rest\
\
\
Bob approaches elevator.  Elevator is on different floor.  He calls it.  Car goes into motion and floor signal triggers.  Sound happens with full envelope.  Bob hears second half of sound.\
\
Bob approaches elevator.  Elevator is on same floor.  He calls it.  Door signal triggers.  Sound happens with truncated envelope.  Bob hears second half of sound.\
\
Bob is in elevator. Pushes different floor number.  Elevator travels to that floor, as it arrives sound begins to play because floor signal has triggered from a car call.  He hears the whole sound.\
\
Bob is in elevator on floor 1. Pushes floor 5 button.  Elevator begins to move, someone has called it from floor 3.  Elevator travels to floor 3, as it arrives sound begins to play because floor signal has triggered from a hall call.  He hears the whole sound.\
\
Bob happens to know that from the moment he presses button 3 from the elevator on floor 1, it takes X seconds to to hear the beginning of our sound. Bob presses button 5 from the elevator on floor 1 and sets a stopwatch. When the stopwatch hits X seconds, Bob radios to Bill who immediately calls the elevator from the hall on floor 3. We hope we hear nothing until the elevator is approaching floor 5.\
\
Bob gets in the elevator, doors close, bob changes his mind and presses door open button. We think there should be no sound from this.\
\
Bob walks into an open elevator, the doors shut most of the way when Bill hits the hall call button from the same floor to open the door. If we get a sound here - we need some logic that blocks the door signal if previous signal was also a door signal.\
}